add most important tip (#357)
mastercomfig/mastercomfig: docs/next_steps/troubleshoot.md

## mastercomfig isn't loading! / My custom configs aren't loading!

!!! tip

>     Make sure that these are .cfg files and not .txt or .txt.cfg, you can enable file name extentions in windows 10 explorer and it will make any future configuration easier. To enable this, open the **File Explorer**, click the **View** tab and click on the box next to **File name extensions**.

Author: done

>     Make sure that these are .cfg files and not .txt or .txt.cfg, you can enable file name extensions in windows 10 explorer and it will make any future configuration easier. To enable this, open the **File Explorer**, click the **View** tab and click on the box next to **File name extensions**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    These should be `.cfg` files and not `.txt` or `.txt.cfg`. To ensure this, you can enable file name extensions in Windows and it will make any future configuration easier. Open the start menu, search for `Folder Options` and then select the first result. In the opened options window, go to the View tab, and under Advanced settings, uncheck Hide extensions for known file types. Finally, click ok.
```

Author: done.
